strategies to help listen will would be to first acknowledge that you
have a problem listening with to take note of why you're listening to
someone talk more tempting to listen to want to someone speak of be
mindful of how much you interrupt of how much you speak for your turn
to speak always say that people there are two types of people people
who listen to respond and people who listen to understand if you
know what that you're a person that listens to respond practice not
responding practice listening engage in active listening which would
be say if you're speaking to me maybe not maybe respond ask a question
wow they're speaking and as time goes all users develop those
habits of not speaking while someone else's you know why you're supposed
to be listening try to repeat things in your mind that that person
is saying and those things are it would definitely get you started
on the right path of of being of been a better listener